hello and welcome back to learn English
with Minecraft
this is a series where I teach English
while trying to beat
Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this is
English from the grounds up
so as always I have a few new things to
show you
let's go outside
right now I'm inside I'm inside my house
let's go outside so let's open the gates
and go outside
so now I'm outside of my house
and let's follow the path
so before
my path just LED
to the Garden right here
but now the path splits
so I can go
to the left this way to my garden
or I can go to the right
this way
and this path leads
right here
what is this
well I'll show you
let's go down
so this is a huge hole that I dug that
goes all the way down to the XP farm
the XP farm that I built in the last
video
so before I had to walk all the way down
a long staircase
and now I can just jump down there
it goes really fast watch this jump
and here we are the XP farm
so
this is the XP farm that I built in the
last video
but I haven't tried using it yet
to use it I'll need to break all of
these torches
and then it will become dark
when it becomes dark the spiders will
begin spawning so I'll need to quickly
run back up these stairs and I'll place
a glass right here to block off this
area
um
but of course I forgot to bring glass
with me
so
it's time to go back up to the surface
to get some glass
I can also swim up
this waterfall to go back up to the
surface
which is what I'll do now
I'm swimming up the waterfall
it's much faster than jumping up the
stairs
all right here we are the surface up up
up up up
there's one other thing that I need to
show you and it's behind me
so let's turn around
ta-da let's look with the spyglass
that is a barn that I've begun building
it's the beginnings of a barn I still
need to build the roof and
that side doesn't have any windows so
there's still a lot of work to do but
it's a good start
and
so far I've captured cows and sheep in
the barn
all right let's go get some glass let's
go to the chests oh I also organized my
chests down here this chest has soil in
it so sand dirt and gravel these are all
different kinds of soil
this chest is empty
empty there's nothing inside
this chest has Stone all of the
different kinds of stone this chest has
special items in it
this chest has Redstone and rails this
chest has items that monsters drop
this chest has my building supplies so
this is the chest that has glass in it
so I'll pick up the glass
this chest has tools and maps
this chest has food this chest has items
that are found in nature
this chest has
random things in it and this chest is
also empty
so I finally organized all of my chests
alright I got the glass
and I think it's night time yeah it's
night time
so let's sleep then let's go back down
to the spawner and try using it
sleep
all right it's morning
the bees like to spin around in circles
in this game
all right back to the spawner
jump
oh
that was a fail
[Music]
okay I need to eat
all right so I'm going to quickly break
all of the Torches
then I'll come back up here
and I'll block off this area using glass
here we go
this is going to be a little bit
dangerous
break break break break
and I'll break the staircase
break
all right now I'll place the glass
all right
safe
are the spiders spawning
I've seen one spider spawn so far
hmm
it's not here
um
spiders
oh it's working
there are spiders here I think it's
working
whoa
that spider was spinning around as well
just like the bees
oh it's working
the spiders are spawning
hello spiders
so pretty soon there will be a bunch of
spiders right here then I can kill them
using my sword like this
and I will get a lot of XP
another spider
it might be too bright here
I think it needs to be a little bit
darker
hmm
it might be because of my hole that goes
up to the surface
I think it works
but I want to try closing off
this hole to make it a little bit darker
to see if it makes the spiders spawn
faster
and I also want to decorate this area a
little bit
to make it look a little bit better
so
let's go up to the surface and collect
some Building Supplies to decorate this
area I'm thinking I want to add some
lanterns
some wood for the walls and maybe some
paintings for the walls
so let's go back up oh
I also read that it can help the XP farm
if you place torches all around the farm
so that other monsters don't spawn
so I'm going to place torches all around
the XP farm
torch torch
torch
oh I saw some lapis
I have six torches left
who I saw the Enderman
oh oh whoa
the gravel fell on my head
okay
torch
I'm going to try to kill this Enderman
die die die die die die die die
I did it
I need to eat
okay let's continue placing torches
torch and torch
uh oh I'm out of torches
whoa
what's down here
creeper
start
tight
and die
oh
oh I don't have any torches no torches
okay well
I'm going to go back up to the surface
I think I placed enough torches
all right here we are
back at the house
close the gates and let's sleep
it's morning
all right let's build some decorations
see I will pick up some lanterns
maybe a sign
some wood
um maybe a crafting table
some leaves
what else
some trap doors
maybe some fences
all right
cool and let's pick up
some white wool because
you can build paintings with wool
like this
so to build a painting you need sticks
and wool so I'll start by building some
sticks like this
and now with wool
and sticks
like this
I can build
a painting
all right I built three paintings
cool let's go down to the spawner oh
first it looks like my potatoes are
ready to be harvested so let's Harvest
these potatoes
I wonder how many potatoes I will have
once I've harvested all of these
probably a lot
here we go
potatoes
so many potatoes
[Applause]
oh
there are too many potatoes for me to
carry I can't carry them all
let's see
I'm going to throw away
something
wheat seeds throw away
all right I hope there are more potatoes
so many potatoes
and
a poisonous potato
I think that you can brew potions with
these
all right now I'm going to replant some
potatoes
okay
all right wow that is a ton of potatoes
and there's also a lot of wheat that's
ready but there's still some wheat
that's growing
like right here and right there so I'm
not going to collect this wheat yet
also my inventory is full
so I'm going to wait before I collect
the wheat all right let's go down to the
spawner
and jump
all right I want to start by replacing
this Stone floor with wood
so let's start by digging up this floor
and replacing it
with wood
what is happening to that stone block
wood
all right let's replace those blocks
with cobblestone
okay
and up here let's replace this floor
with wood
all right I only have four wood left
I'm going to break these blocks
and replace them with cobblestone
okay I did it
I'm going to block off these tunnels
cobblestone
okay
let's see whoa oh
did one of the spiders get out
no
thank you
one of the spiders hit me through
the blocks
uh oh
I might need to extend the staircase
that way
this way
so that the spiders can't hit me through
the walls
I'm going to place a lantern
right here
and right here
to light up the area
see
wow so many spiders
let's try killing them all and see how
much xp I get
oh
all right level 25 it works I think that
the spiders are spawning faster now that
it's night time and the light isn't
shining down this hole
so I'm definitely going to cover up this
hole
probably off camera
and I'm also going to replace the walls
with wood off camera because
it would be a little bit boring to watch
me replacing all of these walls with
wood so for now I'm going to go back up
to the surface and I have one last thing
that I want to do in this video
it's the Moon
it's a crescent moon tonight
that is a crescent moon
all right
we're home open the gates and let's go
to sleep
[Music]
and
as always the bees are spinning
huh I'm going to start baking my
potatoes my potatoes in the furnaces
like this
and like this
I'm gonna take some of this coal and put
it in this furnace
there we go so now my potatoes are
baking in the furnaces
all right and the last thing that I want
to do in this video is sail over
to the Jungle over there the jungle
because a few people have asked me to
build a bamboo house
and I don't have any bamboo so
the last thing that I'm going to do in
this video is sail over
to the Jungle
to collect some bamboo
let's get in my boat
boat
and let's begin sailing to the Jungle
and
I'll begin searching for bamboo
foreign
bamboo oh there's some bamboo
there we go bamboo
I'm not going to destroy this part of
the bamboo so it can regrow hmm
I'm going to take my boat
any more bamboo
oh watermelon
I'm going to collect some watermelon
lots of watermelon and more bamboo
ah
the bamboo got stuck up there in the
tree
oh well
whoa okay there's lots of bamboo over
there
lots of bamboo all right
now is my time to collect a ton of
bamboo
let's do it
[Music]
so much bamboo
these bamboo stalks are really tall hmm
they're really tall
all right wow
how much bamboo do I have
a lot
okay I think that's enough bamboo
one more
all right there we go it's getting dark
oh it's a bird
it's a parrot hello parrot
do I have any seeds
seeds
okay
three seeds
I'm going to give these seeds
to the parrot
to see if he will become my friend uh oh
I hear a zombie
zombie
die parrot do you want seeds
here you go
hey oh
another zombie die die die die
I need more seeds
more seeds
parrot
here you go
yes
this parrot is now my friend
all right
one more melon
okay now it's time to go back home
um
but of course I didn't bring my map
okay
um
I think it's this way
oh oh oh skeletons
whoa
these skeletons are shooting each other
foreign
whoa
no no no
die die
okay
where is my house
I'm going to try climbing up this
mountain
and then using my Spyglass to see if I
can see my house oh die die
okay uh oh
where is my house okay
options uh video settings
render distance
30 chunks
now I can see further away
my house
no what is that it's a village
is that my house no those are huge
mushrooms
is my house over there oh my house is
that direction
I remember that River
oh
cocoa beans
um I will throw away
some granite
cocoa beans
oh
die skeleton die die die die
I need to turn back down my render
distance
options settings
to like 18 junks
and I need to go this direction
okay
back home back home
run run run
oh skeleton
oh more skeletons
run run run run run run run
run swim swim
nope nope nope swim swim swim
swim
okay let's go up
oh no
dive
die die
I need to eat eat eat whoa
what is on fire over there
run run run run run
it's my house
my house
run
it's becoming morning
the sun's coming up
oh my goodness
so many skeletons
jump jump
run I'm running
I'm running home
okay we made it
we made it back home well
I got lots of bamboo and I also found
some other things
like watermelon and cocoa beans
I put all of my bamboo in this chest
and I think I'm going to end this video
right here
thank you so much for watching if you
liked this video you could click the
like button or subscribe to my channel
and as always I will see you in the next
video
see ya
[Music]